I have been suffering from a very rare type of cancer since I was 8 years old.
I have a tumor growing along my spine next to my heart.
It causes heart problems and very violent back pains.
I begged Jehovah not to fall apart.
I was going to break down.
And before I'd even finished my prayer, I felt a veil of peace and serenity envelop me.
Jehovah was holding my hand. I could almost feel him saying, I'm with you.
Experiencing such extreme trials allowed me really to taste Jehovah's undeserved kindness.
And that's wonderful.
There are a lot of things I'd like to do, but I am unable to because of my sickness.
I've had many feelings since my childhood.
Frustration, anger, even denial.
But Jehovah really helped me accept my situation.
My parents always taught me to cherish my relationship with Jehovah.
Today, I just need to know that Jehovah loves me.
When I don't feel well, I pray to him very intensely for very precise things.
Each time he answers my prayer.